---
Tag: Organization
alias: Mendevian Crusaders
---
## Mendevian Crusaders
The [Mendevian Crusaders](https://pathfinderwiki.com/wiki/Mendevian_Crusades#Mendevian_Crusaders) are less organized than other knightly orders, united primarily by their desire to eliminate the expansion of [demon](questforthefrozenflame/docs/Backstory/Notions/Demon.md)s from the [Worldwound](questforthefrozenflame/docs/Backstory/Places/Worldwound.md). Not all of its members are selfless and honourable, but many epitomize true courage. Sheer desperation for able-bodied warriors causes the order to take shining knightly followers of Iomedae, as well as Hellknights, Pathfinders, and even lowly glory-seekers, ruffians, profiteers, and other undesirables.

All crusaders nominally fight under the white-and-gold banner of Iomedae, or under one of the many flags of the knightly orders who make their home in Mendev. Because the crusaders are such a diverse group, however, hailing from all over the [Inner Sea region](questforthefrozenflame/docs/Backstory/Places/Avistan.md), many companies have retained the symbols of their homeland. This means that any crusader stronghold is a riot of colors, with streamers and banners from hundreds of clans, counties, kingdoms, families, and orders competing for room. Some even create orders or noble titles out of whole cloth for themselves, hoping to elevate their status within the armies of the crusades, since it is impossible for the heralds of Iomedae to check the authenticity and provenance of every newcomer's claim. Whatever a soldier's banner may be, the ones the crusaders respect and desire the most are the ones earned on the battlefield. These take the form of one of the holy symbols of Iomedae: the sword, the shield, or the sunburst, and can be gained by soldiers of any rank or social standing.