---
Tag: Session
---
# Session 1
Present: [Xiat](../Backstory/Party-Members/Xiat.md), [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md), [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md)  
Absent: [Cali](../Backstory/Party-Members/Cali.md)  
## 25 Calistril 4072
It is winter in the [Realm of the Mammoth Lords](../Backstory/Places/Realm-of-the-Mammoth-Lords.md). We're members of the [Broken Tusk](../Backstory/Organizations/Broken-Tusk.md), and we're being trained to become scouts by [Wipa](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Wipa.md), though she has recently taken a break from this because of her advanced pregnancy. Instead, our fellow scout trainee [Pakano](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Pakano.md) has temporarily agreed to help us... as far as you can talk about "agree" instead of "being forced to by [Wipa](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Wipa.md)"

Our task today is to hunt a giant [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md). The [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md) was standing in sort of an open field, while we were trying to sneak up on it via high grass and bushes. Our first attempt would be to have [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) move towards the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md), with a few potions from [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md), and try to calm it. I couldn't contribute much here, my armor is too heavy for sneaky stuff, but that plan didn't work out too well anyways. It seemed the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md) was more hostile than we anticipated. Now we had to save [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) from the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md)!

[Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) and [me](../Backstory/Party-Members/Xiat.md) quickly deliberated, and we decided that if [Pakano](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Pakano.md) was again going to boast about his hunting skills, he'd better show it. We sent him to the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md) first, prepared to attack, and waited to see what the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md) would do to [Pakano](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Pakano.md). It wasn't exactly pretty.

[Pakano](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Pakano.md) started off with a spear attack, followed by a double axe attack from [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md). I just love seeing [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) in action. I tried a combined spellstrike attack, but sadly missed. The [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md) hit [Pakano](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Pakano.md) with a hefty charge attack, that made us shudder in fear of the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md). It also tried to hit me, but missed, and hit [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) with a nasty attack. [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) mostly focussed on keeping [Pakano](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Pakano.md) and us on our feet.

After a few more attacks, we managed to end the [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md). It wasn't to be trifeled with and we all learned a valueable lesson about standing in the way of a [moose](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Moose.md). I thanked [Desna](../Backstory/NPCs/Deities/Desna.md) for the gift of wonder and life, and said goodbye to the creature as it departed for new realms. I hope it understands that what we did is a necessity for the survival of our [tribe](../Backstory/Organizations/Broken-Tusk.md) .

We fully skinned the creature for its leather, its bones ([Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) in particular seemed interested in the bones. I wonder if she knows about [Iruxi](../Backstory/Notions/Races/Lizardfolk.md) bone magic. I should talk to her about that some time.), it's antlers (which [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) took), and mostly importantly, it's meat. We decided to haul it all back to camp, and learned a valueable lesson about the best and most efficient use of a hunted animal's carcass. <font style="color:orangered">We all gained the "[All of the Animal](https://2e.aonprd.com/Feats.aspx?ID=3422)" feat</font>

When we arrived at the tribe, everyone was happy to see us. We celebrated in the evening while [Wipa](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Wipa.md) told us about the upcoming [Green Moon Festival](../Backstory/History/Events/Green-Moon-Festival.md), in 5 days time. We are to complete three tasks before then:  

1. Catch [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s 
2. Get water 
3. Clean up the [Rock loom](../Backstory/Places/Places-of-Interest/Rock-loom.md), the location the festival will be held.

All tasks take about a day to complete, so if we start tomorrow, it should just about work out. 

The tapiers aren't related to the festival, but according to [Imek](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Imek.md) they're good danger canaries for the [Mammoth](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Mammoth.md)s in our tribe. It's still timesensitive, because we might lose the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s if we don't catch them fast enough. We decided to do this task first. 

For the water, we have to get cleansing water for use in the ceremonial rituals. This shouldn't be the first task, as we probably want the water to stand still for as short of an amount of time as possible. We decided to do this task second.

The last task is the cleaning of the [Rock loom](../Backstory/Places/Places-of-Interest/Rock-loom.md). Since nobody visits the [Rock Loom](../Backstory/Places/Places-of-Interest/Rock-loom.md) all year, it tends to get filthy. We need to clean it out. Because there's a chance that the place will just get dirty again if we do this task too early and it rains, we decided to do this task last. 

With that being said, we went to bed for a long rest. There's a long day of catching [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s ahead of us tomorrow.

## 26 Calistril 4072

We got up early, in preperations for our day. We would be guided by [Imek](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Imek.md) for today, a young member of our tribe. [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) initially wanted to stay with the tribe, to help [Wipa](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Wipa.md), but sadly for her, nobody would allow it. [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md), in the end, decided to carry [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) underneath her arms.

 [Imek](../Backstory/NPCs/Broken-Tusk/Imek.md) is clearly far too enthousiastic about [Mammoth](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Mammoth.md)s. The [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s were a few hours away, and yet she spent the entire time talking about it. I noticed that [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) mostly found it exhausting and quickly decided to focus on the local flora and fauna. [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) and [me](../Backstory/Party-Members/Xiat.md), however, hung to the girls lips. <font style="color:orangered">I gained the [Tame Animal](https://2e.aonprd.com/Feats.aspx?ID=3424) feat. The rest of the party is allowed to select this feat later.</font> It seemed it may have been a little bit exhausting on [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md). No worries, I'll just teach [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md), [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md), and [Cali](../Backstory/Party-Members/Cali.md) all about this later, if they want to hear about it.

When we arrived at the forest spring with the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s, we noticed that they were quitte unnerved, unrestful even. [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) and [me](../Backstory/Party-Members/Xiat.md) decided to take the careful approach and silently approach them, while [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) hid in a tree nearby. We noticed that the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s were unrestful because they had some remains of traps on their legs, with wounds that seemed to be festering a bit. 

In about an hour, I calmed down the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md) with careful and precise movements to show it my non-hostility. [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md), learning from this, charged the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md) head-on to show it dominance. It did not work. Luckily, after an hour (which I spent calming the first [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)), she somehow managed to wrestle the second one into a headlock. I used my [Mage Hand](../Backstory/Notions/Magic/Mage-Hand.md) spell to remove the remains of the trap, and we calmed the second [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md). [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) healed it from its poison. 

We observed that the remains from the traps on the legs of [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s were poisoned, and also discovered the probably source, a few broken traps nearby. Oddly, the traps seemed a lot like the traps of our own make, except these ones were a lot more cruel. [Broken Tusk](../Backstory/Organizations/Broken-Tusk.md)s would never apply poison to the teeth of such a trap, that's pretty nasty on the animal!

Just as we were about to leave, we heard some voices on the edge of the forest, and two warriors attacked us head-on, saying it were their [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s and we were stealing them. Good old [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) tried to calm them down and explain to them that we're not hostile, and there must be a better resolution than fighting. Sadly these warriors seemed so dead-set on the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s, that there were only two options: fight, or give them the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s. I decided not to give my new friends away, and [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) and [me](../Backstory/Party-Members/Xiat.md) drew our weapons. 

They shot [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) with an arrow, but other than that, [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) and [me](../Backstory/Party-Members/Xiat.md) subdued the first warrior pretty fast. The second one fled the scene. We all decided to interrogate the first warrior, and [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) got pretty mad about being shot with an arrow. Oh boy, you should've seen her. I am so glad she's on our end, we had to calm the [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)s and convince them that [Willow](../Backstory/Party-Members/Willow.md) wasn't mad at _them_. I think even [Kaska](../Backstory/Party-Members/Kaska.md) felt a bit intimidated. 

The warrior explained something about being from a tribe that [split from ours](../Backstory/History/The-Schism.md), before it died from their wounds. We headed back to camp with our newfound [tapir](../Backstory/NPCs/Fauna/Tapir.md)-friends.